deprecate: Deprecate ip_addresses attribute in project resource and data source (#2541)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/2541.txt

```release-note:note

> resource/mongodbatlas_project: Deprecates the `ip_addresses` attribute. The new `mongodbatlas_project_ip_addresses` data source is avaible to obtain this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/mongodbatlas_project: Deprecates the `ip_addresses` attribute. Use the new `mongodbatlas_project_ip_addresses` data source to obtain this information instead.
```

Reviewer 2: thanks! applied for all cases
